hi speed friends in health I'm Luis
war and in this capsule I'm going to
show a circuit of three exercises
to develop the biceps
before starting our training
It is vital to start with a
previous warming where we're going to
use the dumbbells and let's do
the alternate movement we first do
20 repetitions on one arm and then the
another in this way we are going to perform 4
series with little weight now if this same
we are going to do it for 12 15
repetitions but with a moderate weight
to start our circuit this is
very important we will be either
sitting or standing I recommend that if
you are a beginner, do it sitting for
that you do not have any movement in the
back and you stay totally
right we use a bench of 90
degrees where you're going to be sitting
we start with the right arm
we do 12 repetitions and after
we alternate with the left one too
let's have the elbows well attached to
our sides and we are going to do the
contraction just up doing
as much strength as possible so that
part of the biceps sits the most
contracted possible
the next exercise that we are going to
perform the hammer is called hammer
with the position in which we use the
Let's take cufflink cufflink
our side towards the center of
our body
in this way we keep the elbows well
glued to our sides and we are going to
perform 12 to 15 repetitions first
an arm and then the one that follows what
you can do sitting down if you're
beginner or stopped if you already have
control of your body
the third exercise for this circuit
is going to be concentrated with dumbbell is
very important that we do not lean on the
We will only use the leg as
reference and let's leave the free weight
let's go up and do the contraction in
the highest part of the flex and of
this way we are going to have a greater
contraction remembers 12 15 repetitions
an arm and then we continue with the one
go on and so we go back to start our
circuit
I hope these tips help you carry
a healthier life I am of war and
this is and it is good health